Update User Stories (#5)
Orbital-Knewbie/Knewbie: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

Priority | As a ... | I want to ... | So that I can...
--- | --- | --- | ---
`* * *` |**{target user}** | **{feature}** | **{aim of the project}**
`* * *` | new student | create an account | log in and access the features of the application
`* * *` | student | log in | access the personalized features such as the tailored quizzes on the web application
`* * *` | student | attempt the (topical) quizzes |  practice more questions than those I usually get
`* * *` | user (student/educator) | I want to be able to change my password | have it not be compromised 

> `* * *` | user (student/educator) | I want to deactivate my account when I no longer need it | people cannot gain unauthorized access to my account information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`* * *` | user (student/educator) | I want to deactivate my account when I no longer need it | prevent unauthorized access to my account information
```

`* *` | generic user | read the frequently asked questions | see responses for common issues people may face

> `* *` | generic user | contact the developers | raise a technical issue not in the frequently asked questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`* *` | generic user | contact the technical team via email | raise a technical issue not in the frequently asked questions
```

`* *` | student | help answer my peer’s questions | have a slightly better understanding of the topic

> `* *` | student | to edit my post | fix my typos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`* *` | student | edit my post | fix my typos
```

`* *` | educator | viewing my students' progress reports | monitor their progress

> `*` | educator | create more questions | my students can practise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`*` | educator | create more questions | have my students can practise
```
